Mention the continuous import fix in the changelog (#768)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - 🐞 Continuously importing events from a Zeek process with a low rate of

Reviewer: Is this specific to the Zeek reader or to all text-based readers?

Reviewer 2: Currently it's specific to zeek, although we should probably have a follow-up story to see if the same issue needs to be fixed for all our other readers as well.

Reviewer: Okay.

  emitted events resulted in a long delay until the data would be included
  in the result set of queries. This is because the import process would

>   buffer up to 10000 events before sending them to the server as a batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  buffer up to 10,000 events before sending them to the server as a batch.
```
